1. Function to find nth_root of a number
Write a function nth_root that receives 2 parameters x and n, and returns the nth root of x, i.e x^1/n. Write the main program to call this function.

2. Function to generate n digit random number
Write a funtion that takes a number n, and then returns a randomly generated number, having exactly n digits. Write the main program to call this function.

3. 
Write a function that accepts principle, rate and time, and calculates the compound interest. Write the main program to call this function.

4. [PLEASE DONT COPY THIS WRITE UR OWN]
Write a menu driven program to create a calculator using user defined functions for various operations. Operations should include:
  -> Compute
  -> Recall the previously calculated operations(history)
  -> Quit 

5. [PLEASE DONT COPY THIS WRITE UR OWN]
Create a module in python that has the following function definitions:
  -> Add new acc details - Login id and password, for all social media or email accounts of the user
  -> Modify acc details 
  -> Display acc details
  -> Define a passcode

Write a menu driven program, that allows the user to:
  -> Create a new account
  -> Retrieve acc name (User needs to provide the passcode)
  -> Retrieve passwords for an account (User needs to provide the passcode)
  -> Modify an existing account (User needs to provide the passcode)
  -> Exit

6.
Write a program using a function `prime` that accepts a number as an argument and checks the number is prime

7.
Write a function to accept a list, and find the sum of elements in the list. Write the main program and invoke the function

8.
Write a program in python to do the following: Create this text file, "file1.txt".

FILE:
Red Roses
Blue Sky
Green Grass
Yellow Sun
Red Straw Berries

Replace Red=>White; Delete the line with "Green"; Show the file before and after modification. 

9.
Write a program to remove all the lines that contain the character 'a' in a file and write it to another file

10.
WAP to write into a file based on user input and separate the contents into upper case, lower case and other characters and write them into respective files.

11.
WAP in Python to do the following:

Create a text file called Rhyme.txt with the following content:

The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the water spout.

Down came the rain, and washed the spider out.

Out came the sun, and dried up all the rain,

and the itsy bitsy spider went up the spout again.

Index the words in these lines (give the word and line numbers they appear in) and write into another file called RhymeIndex.txt. Display the contents of RhymeIndex.txt.

12.
Create a binary file with name and roll number. Search for a given roll number and display the name, if not found, display appropriate message.

13.
Create a binary file, Hospital.dat with the following information: Patient name, Room number, Blood type. Accept room number from the user and search and update patient details for that room.

14.
Create a csv file with the following data: student name, Eng marks, Math marks, Sci marks, gender. Read the file and print marks details of all the girls.

15.
Create a CSV file by entering user-id and password, read and search the password for given userid.

16.
Write a program for the following stack implementations
1. PUSH             2. PEEK
3. POP              4. DISPLAY

17.
Write queries for the following questions based on the table given below:
1) Display ItemNo Name and PriceValue
2) Display all the related info to Soap
3) Display item info whose name starts with "V"
4) Display report with ItemNo, Name and TotalPrice(TotalPrice = Price*Quantity)
5) Display ItemName and Price in descending order based on Price
6) Increase price value by 100
7) Remove "powder" information
8) Display item whose price is bbetween 50 and 100

18. Write queries for the following questions based on the table given below:
1) Show all the information about history department
2) Show all faculty members & salary who joined in the month of July
3) Show all faculty members who joined in the year 2007
4) Arrange the teachers in ascending order of salary
5) Display department values as upper case
6) Display gender as lower case
7) List all records where the age of the members is even

19. Write queries for the following questions based on the table given below:
1) Display count at distinct sports from the table CLUB
2) Display the minimum age of female players in the CLUB
3) Display the avg pay for karate
4) Display total pay where date of application is greater than 31st Jan 1998

20. Write queries for the following questions based on the table given below:
1) Display minimum of "Avgmarks" only when Avgmarks > 5
2) Display total stipend for grade B
3) Display avg stipend for class 12A
4) Display count of distinct grade